

                                         Project Ideas


       First Idea:
                     I want to make a site for leaving Game reviews of a variety of games. This site would allow you to
       receive a brief description about a game, When the game was released and other info. You can create an account,
       Save your personal reviews, remove reviews. Also would let you view others reviews, save their reviews to your
       personal profile. This would solve the ever so overarching problem of Gamers soley get the information about
       certain games and not getting reviews from people who actually play the game thoroughily enough to leave an
       honest review and just getting "Dead Game" or the game is not good because it doesn't get good views on Twitch
       and other platforms.

       Second Idea:
                    I want to build off my first project and create a Custom Trucks Gallery. In this Gallery, you would
       create a personal profile, and start browsing the trucks! The user would be able to create totally new posts for
       the gallery. Being able to post full detailed descriptions of your Truck and the Specifications or Flexes your
       truck has, Post pictures and then post your truck amidst a bunch of other trucks. Being able to follow other
       users and like their posts and leave comments on how gorgeous their trucks are.

       Third Idea:
                    I want to build a site that helps trucks drivers plan their Routes efficiently and safely. Too often
       truck drivers are forced to keep terrible timelines and not given the correct time to plan their route to best
       and safest route, just the shortest. I could solve this problem by building a site where a user can create a
       profile, and scan a database to find the perfect route for their current job, next job, and also use previous
       routes or parts of previous routes to better accomplish new jobs. The user can save route histories and their
       favorite destinations. Along with the route it will save where fuel is, lodging and any other major needs of a
       cross country road warrior.

       Fourth Idea:
                    One of my biggest problems as a gamer is losing track of my own personal library, I have over 300
       games that I own on Xbox and just as many or more on my PC library. I have a huge library because I have learned
       when to claim all the free games as well as hitting the sales. I want a site that will show me details of sales
       coming up. Also the main feature of this website will be to create a personal database for each user where you
       can store all of the games in your library with a short description of the game and what genre the game is. The
       database will sort your library based on Genre not popularity or bias like the platforms like you to think rules
       the game world. Along with the info about the game you can mark the Game as Played/Not Played so you can keep
       track of those games you have played and those you haven't had a chance to get to yet. This way you can slowly or
       quickly manage your personal library and remember which games you haven't touched yet and get them ready to play!

       Fifth Idea:
                    My last idea for a project would be to build a site that allows you to search, save and find all the
       data that could possibly be found for your favorite College football team or teams. This site would allow to
       create a profile, and save your fav teams stats to a profile and keep track of them as the season goes on. Stats
       update weekly so will your data from the database. You can compare just about any stats with any of your friends
       and flex your team on them.